README.md, before:

Welcome to a Barclamp for the Crowbar Framework project
=======================================================

The code and documentation is distributed under the [Apache 2 license](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).
Contributions back to the source are encouraged.

The [Crowbar Framework](https://github.com/crowbar/crowbar) was developed by the
[Dell CloudEdge Solutions Team](http://dell.com/openstack) as a [OpenStack](http://OpenStack.org) installer but has
evolved as a much broader function tool. A Barclamp is a module component that implements functionality for Crowbar.
Core barclamps operate the essential functions of the Crowbar deployment mechanics while other barclamps extend the
system for specific applications.

**This functonality of this barclamp DOES NOT stand alone, the Crowbar Framework is required**

About this barclamp
-------------------

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/crowbar/barclamp-ipmi.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/crowbar/barclamp-ipmi)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/crowbar/barclamp-ipmi/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/crowbar/barclamp-ipmi)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/crowbar/barclamp-ipmi/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/crowbar/barclamp-ipmi)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/crowbar/barclamp-ipmi.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/crowbar/barclamp-ipmi)

Information for this barclamp is maintained on the [Crowbar Framework Wiki](https://github.com/crowbar/crowbar/wiki)

Legals
------

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Updated README from master and direct to the new repository

README.md, after:

Welcome to a Barclamp for the Crowbar Framework project
=======================================================
### **This barclamp (master) moved to [crowbar-core](https://github.com/crowbar/crowbar-core)! This repo only accepts bugfixes for tex and older**!

The code and documentation is distributed under the [Apache 2 license](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).
Contributions back to the source are encouraged.

The [Crowbar Framework](https://github.com/crowbar/crowbar) is currently maintained by [SUSE](http://www.suse.com/) as
an [OpenStack](http://openstack.org) installation framework but is prepared to be a much broader function tool. It was
originally developed by the [Dell CloudEdge Solutions Team](http://dell.com/openstack).

## Badges

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/crowbar/crowbar-core.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/crowbar/crowbar-core)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/crowbar/crowbar-core/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/crowbar/crowbar-core)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/crowbar/crowbar-core/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/crowbar/crowbar-core)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/crowbar/crowbar-core.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/crowbar/crowbar-core)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/crowbar/crowbar](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/crowbar/crowbar)

## Contact

To get in contact with the developers you have multiple options, all of them are listed below:

* [Google Mailinglist](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/crowbar)
* [Gitter Chat](https://gitter.im/crowbar/crowbar)
* [Freenode Webchat](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=%23crowbar)

## Legals

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
